Changes in Version 1.5.4-3

o introduced sequential alpha correction according to Bonferroni-Holm in summary function summary.CFA()

o fixed internal issue regarding the argument 'form' when defining a designmatrix

Changes in Version 1.5.3

o fixed some minor internal issues regarding the argument 'form' in main function 'CFA()' to maintain downward compatibility with earlier versions of confreq.  

Changes in Version 1.5.0

o added the arguments 'blank' and 'cova' to extend the function CFA() introducing covariate analysis.

o added function 'dat2cov'.

o extended the argument 'blank' as a convenient option to perform functional CFA.

Changes in Version 1.4.1

o fixed some typing errors in descriptions for functions.

Changes in Version 1.4

o added import of functions from default packages, as required by the new CRAN-check. 

o added the argument 'showall' in summary function for objects of class c("CFA","list").

o changed the numerical precision in calculation of the binomial test to avoid '-Inf' of 'Inf' results Under some data conditions.   

o added the function expected_margin_cfa() for calculating expected counts based on margins with sparse tables.

o added the arguments 'method' and 'blank' to extend the function CFA() when using functional CFA with sparse tables.

Changes in Version 1.3-1

o added the Type index (b) for functional CFA in the summary method for object returned by function CFA().

o added a sorting option in summary method for object returned by function CFA().

o added information on function call in result of function CFA() and summary method.

o changed the internal function 'binomial_test_cfa' to avoid NaN 'values' for the (exact) binomial test under some sparse data situations.


Changes in Version 1.3

o added Information Theoretic Criteria (AIC, BIC) to the output of the main function CFA.

o extended the argument 'form' in main function CFA.

o added another data example (Lienert1978) used in the textbook by Mark Stemmler.

o added the function 'S2CFA' for two-sample-CFA and the respective summary S3 method for the result objects of class 'S2CFA'.

o due to numerical challenges in function 'S2CFA' when calculating factorials with big numbers, the package 'confreq' now has a depends on the package 'gmp'. 


Changes in Version 1.2

o added another data example (newborns) taken from the textbook by Mark Stemmler.

o added the Likelihood Ratio Chi-square statistic.

o added a summary S3 method for the result objects of class 'CFA'.


Changes in Version 1.1

o fixed a bug in function dat2fre() . 
